DATA TYPES:
    PostgreSQL supports the following data types:
        - Boolean
        - Character
        - Number
        - Temporal i.e., date and time related data types
        - Special types
        - Array
    Boolean:
        boolean or bool keyword to set column data_type.
        When you insert data into a Boolean column, PostgreSQL will convert it into
        the Boolean value e.g., 1, yes, y, t, tru for True
                                0, no, n, f, false for False
        When you select data from a Boolean column, PostgreSQL display t for True, f for false,
        and spce for Null.

    Character:
        A single character: CHAR.
        Fixed-length character strings: CHAR(n)
            If you insert a string that is shorter than the length of the columns,
            PostgreSQL will pad spaces. If you insert a string that is longer than
            limit of the column, raises Error.
        Variable-length character strings: VARCHAR(n).
            You can store up to n characters with variable-length character strings.
            PostgreSQL does not pad spaces when the stored string is shorter than the limit.

    Number:
        Integers:
            Small integer (SMALLINT) -> is 2-byte signed integer has a range of (-32768, 32767)
            Integer (INT) -> is 4-byte integer that has a range of (-214783648, 214783647)
            Serial -> is the same as INT except that PostgreSQL populate value into the column automatically.
                ^^Similar to AUTO_INCREMENT attribute in other database managers.
        Floats:
            FLOAT(n) -> is a floating-point number whose precision, at least, n, up to a maximum of 8 bytes.
            REAL or FLOAT8 -> is a double-precision (8-byte) floating-point number.
            NUMERIC or NUMERIC(p,s) -> is a real number with p digits with s number after the decimal point.
                ^^NUMERIC(p,) -> is the exact number.
    Temporal:
        DATE -> stores date data.
        TIME -> stores time data.
        TIMESTAMP -> stores date and time.
        INTERVAL -> stores the difference in timestamps.
        TIMESTAMPTZ -> store both timestamp and timezone data.
